Downloaded from
YTS.MX
This program is rated G
and is suitable for
general audiences.
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
Cassie!
These people
are spending good money.
They don't want you sneakin'
and spyin' on their wedding.
Sorry. Granny.
Come on.
I got a better idea.
Got something for you.
What is it?
Well. whenever
we bottle a new wine.
we always sign
the first cork.
And you get to do
the honors. Cassie.
We built all of this. Cassie.
All of it.
And one of these days.
it's gonna be your mama's.
And after that...
it's gonna be all yours.
...kiss your bride.
We could all be here together.
This is family.
Do you really need to go?
It's fine. Mom.
but we have to go.
I'm sorry.
I love you.
I'll call you.
♪ Said it feels so good
to be me in the mornin' ♪
♪ I look around
and I see all I wanted ♪
♪ Real talk
I got good. good lovin' ♪
♪ And I don't gotta ask
for nothin' ♪
♪ I'm all me when I'm with you ♪
♪ I love
how you're all you. too ♪
♪ If I could ♪
♪ I'd tell the world
it's unexplainable ♪
♪ They don't know
they don't know ♪
♪ They don't know... ♪
That sounds like a woman
on the verge
of spontaneous combustion.
Oh. this came certified
this morning--
"Annie Fink.
Attorney-at-Law."
Do we know an Annie Fink?
Nope. No Annie Fink.
Tell me. Hank.
Have we heard anything
on the Gervich case?
Not a word.
Don't go there!
You presented
a compelling argument.
Oh. yeah? Mm.
Tell that to Joyce.
Are you kidding?
She terrifies me.
Me too.
Nuh-uh. girl!
That is not allowed.
No. I'll be fine
once I have my. um--
oh. here we go!
Can I have a glass of Merlot
and a Cabernet Sauvignon. please?
Mm-mm.
What?
My Grandma Emma always said
that "red wine is the cure
for all that ails you..."
and I've got a lot of ailments.
You have been
a little more wired than usual.
And that's saying a lot.
You know what?
I have not heard a word
from Joyce about my case.
Complete radio silence.
She's gonna fire me.
Mm-hmm. That's what she does.
She ghosts you.
then she ousts you.
She sounds terrible. Cassandra.
Oh. she is. but that's
what I love about her.
You don't build
the most successful
real estate law practice
in San Francisco
by being a softie.
She wouldn't fire you
over one lost case--
which you haven't even lost!
She might.
She might over a case this big.
But you know what?
She might actually
be doing me a favor.
You're a perfectionist.
Perfection is the enemy
of creativity. you know.
Hmm!
Is that from one of
your little self-help books?
Yes. it is. but it's true!
Why don't you take a break?
Let someone else
pick up the load.
Oh. How is your little
handsome fiancé?
Is she changing the subject?
Mm-hmm.
I cannot wait
for the two of you
to get married
and make me an auntie.
And who's gonna make me
an auntie?
Not you two!
Before anybody
becomes an auntie.
we need to plan
a girls' trip.
Cassandra.
You've been promising
to take us to Napa Valley.
Let's do that.
I haven't been there
since I was a kid.
Look. maybe next year.
That's what you said
two years ago.
Look. there is
a very complicated
family situation going on.
Girl. please.
Answer that phone.
Cassandra Moore speaking.
Oh.
Okay. Well...
...thanks for letting me know.
Well. I guess I'm going
back to Napa Valley
sooner than expected.
My grandma Emma
just passed away.
No...
Oh. honey.
How long will you be gone for?
Well. the funeral's
on Saturday.
Maybe a couple days. tops.
Look. I know the circumstances
aren't great.
but maybe the break
might be good for you.
I'm not so sure about that.
Look. I'm gonna go there.
pay my respects.
and get back to work
as soon as possible.
If I have a job
to come back to.
Cassandra. could you
please come to my office?
Okay.
Joyce wants to see me.
So. Cassandra.
You've put in
a lot of hours here.
Giving it your all.
burning the midnight oil.
and I want to thank you
for your service to this firm.
Thank you
for saying that. Joyce.
My work here
means the world to me.
and you have been
such an amazing mentor.
Just know
that I appreciate
every opportunity
you've given me and...
...respect whatever decision
you need to make at this time.
Okay.
Even if that means
letting me go.
Why on Earth would I do that?
Cassandra. Judge McKenna
ruled in our favor.
The client is very pleased.
and so am I.
Don't I look excited?
Oh.
Very excited.
This was excellent work.
and Frank Wheeler
wants you on his account
for all his properties--
worldwide.
Congratulations. Cassandra.
You just made partner.
Seriously?
- Ohh!
- Finding someone
with your instincts
and work ethic is rare.
However. you thought
this was a big win?
That's nothing compared to what
we're going to do together.
And I'm gonna need
all you've got.
You have got it!
Good.
Game on.
Starting now.
Oh. about that.
Um. I have to go out of town
this weekend.
My grandmother passed away.
Oh. I'm sorry.
No. no. no. But I'll be
right back. and then...
game on!
Take all the time
- you need. Cassandra.
- No. no. no.
I'm good.
After a couple days.
I'll be back.
Hold on. Miss Fink.
You want me to stay
in Napa Valley for six months?
Well. you'll need
at least that long
to figure out
which staff members
you want to keep.
who you want to hire.
What are you talking about?
Didn't you get the certified
documents I sent over?
Your grandmother left you
the vineyard.
Congratulations. Cassandra.
You are the new owner
of Eloi.
Oh. my gosh.
Wow.
Wow!
How do you feel about this?
Oh. I think the real question
is how do you feel about it?
I know you and Grandmother
weren't exactly
on the best of terms.
Oh. she thought I stole her
daughter away from her. and you.
I know. Dad.
She wanted Mom
to take over the vineyard.
That was her wish...
not your mother's.
She couldn't accept that.
Tore the family apart.
Well. I kind of wish
I had spent more time with her.
Why? So she could
make you feel bad
about choosing to be a lawyer
like your old man
instead of stomping grapes
with your feet?
You know. Dad. I don't think
they do that anymore.
Get all the details
while you're there
and let me know how I can
help you with the sale.
The sale?
You're gonna sell it.
aren't you?
You don't have time
to run a vineyard.
You've just made partner.
Of course I'm going to sell it.
What other choice
do I have. right?
Hi. I have an appointment
with one of your real estate
agents-- Eric.
Yes. Well. it was supposed
to start 15 minutes ago.
but. of course. I got stuck
in bridge traffic.
But no worries. I will be
at your office in 10 minutes.
He has another
appointment in 30 minutes.
so we may need
to reschedule you
to later today.
I promise
I'll be there in 10.
Less than 10.
Or maybe not.
I'll call you right back.
All right. all right.
Let's see here...
You doing okay there?
Doin' great.
You need a hand?
I don't. actually.
but thank you for offering.
Seems like you know
your way around a flat tire.
My father insisted I learn.
or else I could be stuck
out in the middle of nowhere.
at the mercy
of a complete stranger.
Oh. So. a damsel in distress
she is not.
Nor will she ever be.
So. what. you're just gonna
stand there and watch me?
If you don't mind.
Oh. I get it.
So you're trying to make sure
I don't mess up. right?
So you can just swoop on in
and save me?
No. not at all.
No. I'm thinking
there may be
a few things
that you can tell me.
Such as?
We could start with your name.
Look.
I'm not trying to be rude.
but I really don't
have time for this.
I'm only in town
for one. maybe two days.
Easy now!
This isn't a marriage proposal.
I am just being neighborly.
as they say.
But it seems like
you can hold your own.
Good luck with the tire.
Thank you. Good luck with...
whatever it is you do.
♪ I ain't got
none of the right answers ♪
♪ I can't deal when I'm wrong ♪
♪ I'm trying hard
to stay positive ♪
♪ And let it out in song ♪
♪ My creative niche
they call a blessing ♪
♪ Suddenly took a long walk ♪
♪ And it's gone ♪
♪ It's gone... ♪
Ah!
Oh!
I am so sorry.
I wasn't expecting
anyone to be here.
Neither was I.
since most people knock
and use the front door.
Cassandra. I presume?
Please forgive me...
but am I supposed to know you?
I'm Isabel Collins.
I'm your grandmother's
best friend.
It's good to see you.
This place must have
changed quite a bit
since you were here last. huh?
I would say so.
Well. come on.
Let's. uh. look around
and refresh that memory.
Now. we have to prune these.
and we're planting new vines
right over here.
When did you move here?
Oh. a few years
after my husband died.
Neither one of us
wanted to go it alone.
We had
some great times together.
I did. too.
I used to love watching weddings
from the balcony.
This place was so beautiful.
Well. I heard the stories
about your grandma
and your mama.
Now. your grandma
was one stubborn lady.
- Eh.
- I guess your mama was too.
Mm.
I suppose
it runs in the family.
I suppose it does.
Far as I could tell.
they were both standing up
for what they both believed in.
Mm-hmm.
Not sure either one of them
was wrong.
Oh. all I know is.
Mom wanted to be an artist.
to start a new life with my dad.
And Emma wanted this place
to stay in the family.
- Mm.
- The last thing she wanted
was for Eloi to be
in the hands of strangers.
It's kind of cold out here.
Let's go in for some tea.
Sure.
Okay. Let's go.
Camomile tea.
Calms the senses.
How many employees do you have?
Well. we have a small crew
that keeps up the bottling.
We haven't been
doing much growing lately.
but that's okay.
since we have
some nice old vintages
that are aging
in our barrels.
Not as fancy as our 2014 Cab.
but you do what you can.
This is Mom's.
Yes.
Every time
we bottled a new wine.
Oh. my goodness.
I can't believe
it's still here.
Grandma had me sign this
the same day that we...
...the same day
we left for good.
Gosh.
Now this...
this is what you call
an accomplishment...
...to build something
that you love
with your bare hands.
It makes me wonder why Mom
wanted to leave this place.
Sometimes. we all need
a little break
so we can return
renewed and refreshed.
That's what your grandmother
was hoping your mom would do
when she left.
But it wasn't just a break.
No.
See you at Emma's service tomorrow.
♪ Oh. yeah ♪
♪ Oh. yeah... ♪
♪ Oh... ♪
♪ I stand here ♪
♪ Looking at the face
of my heart ♪
♪ It's so clear ♪
♪ Why I gave my all
from the start ♪
♪ Something ♪
♪ As strong
as this love we share ♪
♪ Don't come easy... ♪
Hi.
It was
a really beautiful service.
And different.
just like Grandma.
Oh. yeah.
Um. I'll be in touch.
I'm sure the guy
that's handling the sale
will need
to speak with you.
I wanted to give you this.
What is it?
Your grandma was big
about writing letters.
Maybe it was easier for her
to say what she needed to say
this way.
Wow.
Here's the rest of them.
All of these?
I'm gonna miss
this old place.
Oh!
Oh. Isabel.
My dearest Cassandra--
I am so happy
that your mother and I
began writing to each other
before she died.
We dreamed of having a reunion
here at Eloi
when she got better.
We dreamed that. some day.
you would join us.
If there is a little piece
of your heart
that still loves this place.
please. do what you can
to nurture and protect Eloi.
Love.
Grandma Emma.
on the notes you made. ned f
- so we're good to go.
- That's great.
Joyce...
I need to take a sabbatical.
This better be good.
Am I really doing this?
Yep. and I'm glad you are.
You need the break.
What break?
I have to learn how to run
a winery in six months.
What does your dad think
about all of this?
Ah. well. as far as he knows.
I'm selling.
and I'm not telling him otherwise.
Oh. girl! Good luck with that.
Mm-hmm.
Cheers!
Cassandra.
you know how to drink wine.
You don't know the first thing
about making wine.
No. but other people do.
and I'll just hire them
to teach me.
I am very capable. Hank.
And this vineyard--
is it making money.
or do you have to bankroll it?
I will have to make
a small investment...
but it's just until
things get moving again.
Can I ask you something?
Why are you doing this?
I'm doing it for my mom.
She always wanted to.
but never got the chance.
At least tell me
that I'm gonna be getting
free wine out of this.
You will get free wine
by the cases.
Oh!
♪ You gonna know my name ♪
♪ Because Ima get you ♪
♪ 'Cause Ima get you ♪
♪ Ima get you
Ima get you. yeah ♪
You know. I'd ask you
if you need any help.
but we both know
how that will go.
We were never
properly introduced.
mostly because you refused.
but I think now's
as good a time as any.
Alec Jackson.
Cassandra Moore.
I own this place now.
Yeah. so I've heard.
Napa is vast in acreage.
but it is small
when it comes to town gossip.
You getting settled in
all right?
Is there anything I can--
I don't mean to be rude. but...
what are you doing here?
Oh. I worked
for your grandmother for years.
Now I just help oversee
- the work crew.
- Cassandra!
Oh!
Tino told me
you were coming back.
Oh. Isabel.
It's wonderful
to have you here.
Oh. so good to see you.
Yeah. I figured I'd come back
and give it a go.
Well. you're talking
to the right man
who can help you with that.
We need all hands on deck.
Isabel. we need
to slow things down. okay?
Look. I don't even know what
I can afford to pay people yet.
Just let me get to the bank.
That way. I can see
where the property stands.
I can go over the budget
with a fine-tooth comb.
and I can look at
the outstanding bills
and see if
I can even get a loan.
Just like Emma.
Okay.
Well. I insist
on staying pro bono.
I can't allow that.
Why is that?
Because maybe
I don't want to owe anyone.
Oh. Well.
I don't call in favors.
Never have. never will.
He's telling the truth.
Practically ran the place
when Emma got sick.
Never asked for one red cent.
Okay. Well.
just because he's free
doesn't mean
he's the right man for the job.
I don't even know
your skill set.
Well. my skill set's
as follows--
I know this place
like the back of my hand.
and you don't.
But you will...
with my help.
See? Everything's
gonna work out just fine.
Why don't we go in
and have some tea.
and we can start
making plans?
Whoa! Are you okay?
I'm good. I'm good.
I'm great.
Oof.
I'm good.
- Are you good?
- Yeah. I'm good.
Your grandma was
a pillar of the community.
That's true.
Everyone loved Emma Eloi.
Mm. I didn't know her
very well.
but I'm happy
she had that kind of support.
You know. we were dry here
for a spell.
but Alec here.
he got us to a place
where we could start
making wine again.
Really?
And how exactly
did you do that. Alec?
Well... I did an assessment.
The root system
needed supplements.
so I checked the water lines.
soil minerals. et cetera.
Now. best-case scenario.
you'll be able to prune
and train the vines.
and have bud breaks
in a month or so.
but you won't be able
to bear any fruit--
not for a few months.
That's perfect.
I'm on a six-month sabbatical.
so--
Six months?
You think you can do
all of this in six months?
Well. you just said--
I said.
"best-case scenario".
Now. things don't always
go according to plan out here.
Now. six months--
that's just the beginning.
This is an ongoing enterprise.
You just can't just start it.
and leave it
to take care of itself.
I'm fully aware of that.
Sorry. Got to get this.
She gets upset
when I don't take her calls.
Hey. love!
Yeah. no. I told you
that I'm at work.
Mm-hmm.
I know. I'll--
I'll make it up to you.
Yeah.
Yeah. in about
another hour or so.
Okay. Don't be mad.
Love you. Bye.
Feel free to go if you need.
I. um. don't want anyone
getting upset with you.
No. it's fine.
I will bring her
something nice for dinner.
She'll get over it.
She always does.
Wow. What a charmer.
So they say.
Anyway. where were we again?
Um. right--
things going according to plan.
And you telling me
there's no such thing.
Well. you know.
there is one thing
that you can count on
out here.
Sunrise--
crisp chill in the air.
sweet sounds
across the valley.
It's magical.
You get that every day.
whether you plan on it or not.
Ladies.
What the--
This is a beautiful morning?
I don't know.
Maybe it's just a leaky pipe.
Well. I'll call Alec
and have him come
and take a look.
Oh.
Okay. Isabel. are you sure
that he's qualified?
I'm sure that he is
a great vineyard worker.
but maybe. just maybe.
we should get a plumber?
Dear. there is nothing
that Alec can't do.
All right. Have him come
while I'm at the bank.
And tell him
I insist on paying him.
All right. I'll tell him.
but I already know
what he's gonna say.
"Super Alec"-- again.
We all loved your grandmother.
and her wine.
Eloi's 2014 Cabernet
is one of the best
I've ever had.
But...
...I'm afraid to tell you
your inheritance
isn't the jackpot
you might think it is.
So the business
was struggling?
So I'm just gonna pick up
where she left off--
start making some minor repairs.
and build back slowly.
Then I'm thinking about $50.000
for the exterior.
for the vines.
the bottling.
then. before you know it.
we will be turning a profit
and taking care of the house.
I'm sorry.
I don't think you're
understanding. Miss Moore--
there is no equity
to take out on that property.
I don't think I understand.
Emma Eloi mortgaged
that property to the hilt.
She didn't want anyone to know.
but any time
she needed more money.
she'd be right back
in that chair you're sitting in.
Wait.
Are you saying that Eloi
is completely underwater?
With interest rates
where they are these days.
property values
are sinking fast.
However...
if you have another home you'd
like to use as collateral--
The only property I own
is Eloi.
Then I'm sorry.
there's nothing we can do.
Unless...
you want to sell.
I can introduce you
to a few very motivated buyers.
I don't walk away
from challenges.
Hey!
Hey.
So how'd it go with the bank?
Mm.
You know. wait there.
I'm coming up.
No. no. no. You don't have--
Okay. I'll just wait here.
Oh.
What a spectacular view.
Mm. I remember when
Grandmother used to take me here
to watch the weddings.
I thought this was the most
magical place in the world.
Hmm.
Hmm. Not like anyone would
want to get married there now.
You know.
an "Emma Eloi wedding"
was every young girl's dream.
Did you know
Grandmother mortgaged this place
to keep it afloat?
I didn't.
But then.
she was a very proud woman.
Even if
there was something wrong.
she'd never let on.
Why?
What was your connection to her?
She meant a lot to me.
She helped me out at a time
where I really needed her.
You know. this vineyard.
it was her lifeblood.
and it meant everything
that she was able to leave
her mark in this valley.
Everyone says
she was such a special woman.
That's why I wish
I'd known her better.
Why didn't you?
Good old family drama.
See. that's why
I'm so surprised
she left the vineyard to me.
You know.
kind of makes sense.
It's her way of...
you know.
closing the distance.
bringing the family back
to. you know.
where it all started.
Mm.
Oh.
Excuse me.
Hey!
Yeah. okay.
I will be right there.
Love you. too.
All right.
Well. I've gotta go.
The pipe is fixed. though.
so it should not
leak on your face again.
- Thanks.
- Okay.
How much do I owe you?
Nah.
This one's on the house.
You're not trying to take pity
on me. are you?
No. I wouldn't dream of it.
We all know that you don't
need anyone's help. right?
Tell me again
who the "Valcolts" are.
Local vintners.
They adored your grandma.
You'll love them!
Why are we going to see them?
Well...
I figured it would be a...
a good way for you
to get to know your grandma.
You're standing on the shoulders
of greatness. girl.
Come on!
I like to think
we make a pretty good Chardonnay
at Valcolt.
My dad's been doing this
for a long time.
It's very nice.
Rich... buttery.
With an oak-influenced style.
That's our signature.
It's not an Eloi.
but then. what is?
Nothing.
But I may be biased.
Your grandmother--
she took my dad under her wing
when he was first starting out.
She did that
for a lot of people.
We liked to call her
"the Godmother of the Valley".
Excuse me. miss?
And if someone hit hard times
and needed a job.
even if she didn't
have an opening.
Emma would
find them something.
Um. Isabel...
Mm?
Did you know about
all the loans
that Grandmother took out
on the vineyard?
Emma didn't want to burden
anyone with her troubles.
I mean. I'd ask.
and her signature answer was.
"It's fine.
I'm fine.
Everything's fine."
So. why did she stop
with the weddings?
Well. Emma was "Eloi Weddings".
But as she got older.
there was just too much work.
Plus. the wedding area
overhead was very expensive.
and with our small staff.
something had to give.
and eventually...
everything had to give.
except the bottling.
Would be nice to have
the weddings back. though.
Wait a second--
is that who
he's been speaking with
on the phone?
Yep. That's the only girl
that can capture his heart.
Wait. you thought--
I didn't think anything.
I didn't!
Well. he's single.
in case you were wondering.
I wasn't. but thank you.
Oh!
Thank you.
Ahem.
Dad. look.
Oh! Well...
hello.
Hi.
Cassandra.
this is my daughter. Mary.
Mary. this is Miss Cassandra.
Pleasure to meet you. Mary.
You too.
Hi. Mrs. Isabel.
Hello. sweetheart.
We just came over
to ask your dad
when he's gonna be
coming over tomorrow.
Isabel. I'm sure that Alec
has other things to do
besides hang around
the vineyard all day.
What do you do. anyway?
I design software and apps.
Set my own schedule.
And he makes a very good living
at it. too. right. Alec?
Well. to answer
your first question.
"Miss Isabel".
I will be coming
bright and early
to check out
the irrigation system.
see if there's anything
that. you know.
needs replacing before
we start pruning the vines.
Alec. you know.
if you just tell me
what needs to be done
and give me a quick tutorial.
I can take over
and run the staff myself.
Okay. wait a second.
Why do the two of you
continue to laugh at me?
This isn't a joke.
Maybe you're funny
and. you know.
you just don't know it.
Oh. Maybe you just don't
want to give up the reins
because it makes you feel good
about yourself. hmm?
You like feeling
like a hero. Alec?
You know. what if I was
to say to you.
"Why don't you just give me
a quick tutorial on the law
and I'll." you know. "defend
those criminals myself"?
I don't defend criminals.
I'm a real estate lawyer.
Bah.
Six of one.
half a dozen of another.
Maybe you underestimate me.
Maybe you overestimate yourself.
Maybe I'm a quick study.
Well. I'm a good teacher.
So if the lady insists on
overseeing things for herself.
far be it for me
to stop her.
I will be there tomorrow morning
to show you
how everything works.
and then you can take over.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
You ready. Mare-Mare?
- Yep.
- All right.
Bah!
See you bright and early.
Can't wait.
- Mm-hmm.
- Nice to meet you. Mary.
You too.
Let's go. Come on.
Knock-knock.
- Mary!
- Grandma!
Hey. Mom.
Thanks for taking Mary today.
I just got
an early thing at Eloi.
Ooh! With
Miss Emma's granddaughter?
Her name is Miss Cassandra.
"Miss Cassandra"?
Ooh! Is she pretty?
Very pretty.
Mom.
What?
I thought you were done at Eloi.
Is that why
you're hanging around so much?
I am just helping Cassandra--
Miss Emma's granddaughter--
she's. uh.
you know. a little green.
Well. what's she like?
Is she smart?
Is she like her grandmother?
Oh. my gosh.
When do I get to meet her?
Mom. please.
Slow your roll. okay?
She only here for six months.
and then she goes back
to being a lawyer.
Well. you know. son.
a lot can happen in six months.
You be good. Mare.
You too. Mom.
See you later.
Cassandra?
Hey!
Are you ready to do this?
Oh. I am always ready.
- Okay.
- Mm-hmm.
You. uh. you want to bring
that book with you.
or leave it
under the tarp?
So right now. these are dormant.
which happens in the winter.
but it's the ideal time
to prune.
get them ready for spring--
you know. when
they start producing fruit.
Oh. so we do this on every row?
Mm-hmm.
See. Emma's got
a machine pruner in the shed.
but you're still gonna need
four or five more guys
if you want to get
this ready in time.
You know. the rest of your crew.
they're too busy bottling.
Four or five guys?
Yeah. You know. there are
some high-school kids
who know the drill.
You can hire them
for fairly cheap.
but you're still gonna need
a professional
to run the machinery.
Okay.
Ah.
And I'm assuming
that professional is you?
Oh. You flatter me.
I mean. I'm not
a true professional.
but I do know my way
around a pruner.
Anyways.
we get enough rain up here.
so you're not gonna need
to water too often.
I'd say once every 10 days
should do it.
All right.
Now. you don't want
to over-saturate
and waterlog the roots.
Now. if those leaves
turn yellow.
that is a bad sign.
Okay.
You...
want to write
all this down?
No. I don't.
You didn't think
there was that much to it?
I mean. my book
wasn't entirely thorough.
but. you know. I did make it
through law school on my own.
paid back my student loans.
made partner at my firm
before the age of 40.
Tch! I got this.
Sure you do.
Mm-hmm.
Let me show you
how to tend the soil.
Come on. stay in there.
Oh. I'm coming.
How did it go out there?
Oh. you know.
Passed out
two. maybe three times--
...so I'd say that was a win.
Have some lemonade. dear.
Thank you. Isabel.
It's a lot. I know...
but I told you.
Alec is the man for the job.
What is his story. Isabel?
He likes to think
that he's got me pegged.
but he's not very forthcoming
about himself.
Well. his wife. Shelly.
passed away
about a year
after your grandfather.
He took care of Shelly
for two years
while she was sick.
and they had a four-year-old
little girl at home.
He was so lost.
Emma had just gone through
the same thing.
and she just took his hand.
picked him up.
and got the community
to rally around him and Mary.
Ohh.
Hence the reason he still
wants to take care of Eloi.
I guess Emma Eloi
will always have a special place
in his heart.
and you. my dear.
will reap the benefits.
and the sooner
you accept that.
the better off we'll all be.
Surprise!
Wine weekend!
What are you two doing here?
Did you not hear me
the first time?
"Wine weekend!"
No. I know--
...I know that part!
I just wasn't expecting you.
This place
isn't quite ready for visitors.
We're not "visitors".
Besides. we don't judge.
Well. we might judge a little...
but we love you.
I love you. too!
I just wish you would've called
and told me before you came.
It was sort of an emergency.
I have to change
my wedding date.
What?
Why? When?
Dan is joining
this "Doctors Give Back"
program abroad.
Oh. Lena...
So you need to come back home
and help me plan. Please?
No. Lena.
I can't leave right now.
But you're one
of my bridesmaids!
I know that.
but I can't--
Oh. hold that thought!
Let's discuss this over brunch.
- Mm.
- And wine.
Mm!
Okay. Well. before that.
let me. uh.
show you around my vineyard. dahling.
Oh.
Oh. yeah. okay.
Maybe I should change first.
Okay. All right.
I'll be right back.
"My vineyard"?
Seriously.
Well! Now I see why
you don't want to leave.
Who is this?
That's Alec.
Apparently. he was really close
friends with my grandmother.
and he's been helping out
for years.
He's also known
as "the uncatchable catch".
We'll see about that.
Hi! Hello! I'm Lena--
"Dr. Carey."
as some would call me.
We're Cassandra's friends.
Just came up for the weekend.
I'm Angela.
Oh. Alec.
Nice to meet you both.
Mm!
So how are you ladies
at pruning?
Unless you're talking
about eyebrows.
the answer is "terrible".
Alec. they totally
surprised me.
So. my girls--
got a few things to wrap up.
but I'll meet up with you later.
Nah. No. it's cool.
I brought reinforcements.
You ladies. go have fun.
We'll tend to the vines.
The man said he's good!
Let's go.
Wine awaits.
Mm-hmm!
That is am--
Do you think about
anything other than...
You say all of that?
Spill.
We need the tea on this guy
and do not leave anything out.
The tea is hot!
♪ No. we don't need
to think about it ♪
♪ Baby. I... ♪
♪ I want you ♪
♪ Why not come
try something new? ♪
♪ You ain't got
nothing to lose ♪
♪ Baby. I... ♪
♪ I want you ♪
♪ Why not come
try something new? ♪
♪ You ain't got
nothing to lose ♪
Those boys who were working
on the vines just drove off.
They were here for hours!
Mm-hmm. And all I could hear
was "cha-ching. cha-ching."
You ladies know
I had to dip into my savings?
Which was pretty meager
to begin with.
after paying my student loans.
The wine doesn't make
enough money for the upkeep?
Oh. honey. not when
every penny goes towards
paying the multiple
home-equity loans
my grandmother took out.
I have no idea
what I'm doing here anymore.
You're learning.
And it seems your teacher--
...is a charmin'. handsome...
♪ ...young man named Alec! ♪
Would you stop it?
I have got more important things
to deal with--
like how am I going
to pay those kids?
This place used to be thriving.
and I refuse to be the one
to run it into the ground.
Mm. All good things
take time. sis.
Time that I don't have. Angela.
Then you'll have
to get creative.
You know. when my grandma
needed some extra cash.
she used to sell barbeque
sandwiches to the neighbors.
It was like a party
in our backyard every weekend.
Mm. Did she just say
"barbeque sandwiches"?
Oh!
The shade is real
from this one.
- From the broke one!
- Uh-huh.
- Eh. good point.
- Uh-huh!
Okay. okay!
Well. to your point. Angela--
the weddings here
were beautiful.
and maybe it was
a little similar
to those barbeque sandwiches.
Look at this.
Right?
Isn't it amazing?
Grandma used to allow us
to go on the balcony--
Um... is this
your handyman Alec?
It is.
Honey. I'm sorry. he's--
A widower.
I knew about his wife.
and I've met his daughter.
but I had no idea
he got married at Eloi.
What a perfect setting
for a wedding.
I just had...
the most amazing idea!
Now. if I can pull this off.
you. my dear.
are going to have
the wedding of your dreams.
and we are gonna bring back
the glory days of Eloi!
Is she thinking
what I think she's thinkin'?
I don't know.
but if there's wine involved.
I'm here for it.
Oh. yes.
Yeah. you know.
it's a great idea. Cassandra.
but it's gonna take a lot more
than one deposit
to get this place
in shape for a wedding.
You're right.
One deposit won't be enough.
Well. exactly.
because. you know--
- But...
- ...We got stuff we got to do.
...What if we got word out
that Eloi weddings are back?
Lena's wedding could be
the first of many to come.
Okay.
Okay. listen.
So here's what we'll do. right?
We'll set up a website
to take in deposits.
People book these events
a year in advance. anyway--
well. with the exception
of Lena--
but those deposits
could pay for everything.
I don't know.
You know. it's. uh...
it's risky.
Slightly.
And we'd have to let
everybody know
that we are still
under construction.
Full transparency. Agreed.
Huh. You know. what if
we don't make a deadline?
I mean. you do not want
to mess with people's weddings.
I always make my deadlines.
- Huh.
- Look. Alec.
I know
this is a huge undertaking--
wine and now weddings--
but I can't do this
without you.
I need your help.
I'm sorry. Could you--
Could you say that again?
I need your help.
Ooh!
Heh. heh.
Wow. How did that feel
for you. huh?
Because. mm.
that was good for me.
You are such a mess.
All right. listen.
You ain't gotta beg. Cassandra.
I'll be more than happy
to help you.
Thank you.
Well. hello there.
Dad?
Mr. Moore. let me tell you--
and then she said.
"You should have
your wedding here."
and I was like. "Oh. that's
a great idea. Cassandra!"
And the wine here--
have you tasted the wine?
It is the best!
I mean. ha!
It is so good--
and I should know.
I'm practically
a wine sommelier.
It's the terroir--
The amount of wine
that we've had here--
- ...with the Earth--
- ...since we've been here--
Oh. my gosh!
You would think that--
But this whole place has got--
The variety of wine
that she's able to grow--
so many varieties...
Ladies... Ladies!
Oh. that was amazing.
Yeah? Yeah.
Uh. Dad?
Um. I think it's time
for a walk and talk.
Yes. I'd like that.
Okay.
And maybe you can tell me
exactly what's going on here.
Sure.
- Okay. Bye. Mr. Moore!
- Mr. Moore!
So...
when were you gonna tell me
about changing your mind
about selling?
I wanted to make
some headway first.
Show you I'd made
some progress.
Progress?
Doing what?
Jeopardizing your career?
Honey. you just got
a promotion--
the promotion you've been
working towards for months.
Daddy. I already I know that.
You're set up
for a great future.
and now you want
to risk that for...
this?
Mom...
is the reason I'm doing this.
Come on.
I need to show you something.
Why didn't you tell me
about this before?
Because I didn't want you
to feel bad.
Why would I feel bad?
Well. because
I didn't want you to feel
like any of this
was your fault.
Cassandra. I assure you.
your mother's decisions
were hers.
not mine.
Your grandmother had no right
to make her feel
that she was wrong
for following her heart.
I already know that. Dad.
And now you've found
a bunch of letters
and you feel the need
to right some wrong?
Honey. this isn't your fight.
Well. then.
whose fight is it. Dad?
I can see you have your heart
set on doing this.
I do.
And I would love
to have your support.
I...
I hope you get what
you're looking for out of this.
I really do.
I miss you guys already!
This was so fun.
Thank you so much
for coming to see me.
- Thank you.
- Thank you for having us.
Thank you. my babe.
You gonna be okay?
I am gonna be great.
I've got a dream wedding
to plan. huh?
I have no doubt
it will be beautiful!
If you need anything--
How about that deposit?
I'll wire it to your account
as soon as I get home!
I know you're good for it.
If anyone can do this.
Cassandra. you can.
Thank you.
- Love you.
- Yeah.
All right.
♪ See you soon! ♪
All right. ladies.
Make sure you call me
when you get home. all right?
We will. honey!
Safe travels.
Bye. girl!
Eloi Weddings are back!
Just visit our website
at EloiDreamWeddings.com.
and that way.
you can follow our progress
and see renderings
of our plans.
Oh. and down here.
these are links
to all of our socials.
Talk to you soon.
Thank you.
Weddings are now
back at Eloi.
Hey. Mary.
Thank you
for helping out today.
You're welcome.
Oh. You know what?
You can't forget to send me
a bill for all that hard work.
My dad said that
we're doing this
for Miss Emma and you.
Aw. That's very sweet of you.
And you.
But... Miss Emma
did give me ice cream
when I'd come
to the vineyard.
Did she?
Yup!
Mare.
You know. I think ice cream
in exchange for hard work
is a tradition
we need to keep going.
There's a Hansen's
around the corner.
and if I remember correctly.
they have
the best Rocky Road ever.
Dad. can we?
Yeah.
But you finish handing out all
your flyers first. all right?
A day's pay
for a day's work.
Mare!
Hey. wait for us. though!
Come on.
Love me some chocolate.
Hey. Dad. There's Phoebe.
Can I go say hi?
Yeah. yeah. sure.
Go ahead.
Okay.
You know. everyone
I talked to today
seemed really excited
about the resurgence
of Eloi Weddings.
Mm-hmm.
Are you okay with that?
I'm sure this kicks up
some dust for you.
No. No. I'm fine.
See. I consider myself a...
dust-free zone.
- Really?
- Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
"Dust-free zone"?
I prefer
to focus on what I had.
rather than. you know.
what I've lost.
Your grandmother taught me that.
It sounds like she learned
some pretty valuable lessons
later in life.
Yeah. I just hope
that Mary can grow up
to be as strong
and self-assured
as you are.
- What?
- Mm-hmm.
That almost sounded
like a compliment. Alec.
Oh. maybe just a little bit.
A little bit.
Hey. You having fun. kiddo?
Yes. but...
it would be even more fun
if I had another scoop.
Another scoop?
Yes.
You haven't finished
what I gave you.
But. like. I can already tell
this isn't enough.
It's. like. one crumb.
Please?
No.
Mm-mm. Mm-mm.
Try this one.
"Pretty ple-e-e-e-ase?"
No. No!
You do not encourage her.
Do not encourage her.
♪ Call me when you're near ♪
♪ I'll be waiting
by the window ♪
♪ Ready. set. and let's go ♪
♪ Come. girl. have no fear... ♪
Cassandra?
Cassan--
Oh. my gosh!
Ohh.
Are you trying to give me
a heart attack?
It's about time this old place
had a good dusting.
Dust-free zone. right?
Ohh.
Oh! I almost forgot.
All right.
Oh...
Is this...
This is Mom's painting.
This painting
was the centerpiece of this room
for decades.
I guess it meant a lot to Emma
that your mom gave it to her.
She didn't.
No. Someone bought this
from a gallery in Santa Barbara
years ago.
We just never knew who it was.
She was proud of her.
wasn't she?
Oh. yes!
Very much so.
won't be ready in time. woe
Yeah. Yeah.
it's a whole lot of work.
but I really believe
in this. Angela.
I don't know
what I can do to help.
but say the word.
Just promise me
you won't tell Lena.
I don't want her to feel bad
about all the stress
this is causing me.
I can send you some money.
Absolutely not.
Girl! Stop trying
to be a martyr all the time.
Martyrs die. you know.
I am not trying to be
a martyr. trust me.
Look. I gotta go.
Yeah. okay.
But call me if you need me.
I will.
Love you. Angela.
Love you. too.
Take care.
I heard that.
I'll be fine.
Can I take you somewhere?
Come on.
When my wife first got sick...
...I was so angry.
You know.
she was so strong.
I was. uh. I was lost.
I. uh. I just couldn't
process it all.
and then one day.
your grandma.
she brought me up here.
She told me to give all my anger
and grief to the sky.
so when it gets too much.
I just--
Ooh!
Yeah. I'm not doing that.
Hey. listen. Cassandra.
Can I make an observation?
Now. everybody knows
that you are capable.
You don't have to hold it
together all of the time.
Yes. I do.
Why?
Because no one
will take me seriously
if they see the cracks
in the veneer.
Well. you know. sometimes.
the cracks are there
so the light shines through.
I just want you to know
that. as long as I'm around.
you don't
have to go at it alone.
I got you.
The sky's got you.
♪ Take a little bit off
your morning ♪
♪ Give a little bit
off your day ♪
♪ Everything's okay ♪
All right. have a good day.
Appreciate it.
♪ You must think I'm crazy ♪
♪ To stay this way ♪
Is this what you use
to water the grapes?
No. no. This is what we use
to give water to our plants.
It's an irrigation system.
Mm-hmm. All right.
I'll take that from you.
Oh!
Oh. you think that's funny?
- Just a little.
- Yeah? Yeah?
No. no. no.
No. no!
No!
Oh. yes. I can save the 11th
for a few days.
Okay. just fill out the forms
on our website.
submit your deposit.
and you're good to go.
We're excited. too.
Bye.
This place
is feeling alive again!
And it's all thanks to you!
Thanks to us.
Hey. Alec.
Oh. I'd love to join
you and Mary.
Okay.
See you soon.
Don't start. Isabel.
It's just a movie.
Who. me?
I'm not saying a word.
Whatcha gonna wear
on your date?
Isabel!
Can I go get some candy?
Yeah. but nothing king-size.
Okay.
All right? There you go.
Mary.
How about some gummy bears?
- Okay.
- Okay?
Yeah.
We'll wait here for you.
- Okay.
She is adorable.
She... is her mom.
Everything-- curious.
precocious. kind.
and infuriating.
I know that you miss her.
Well. the hardest part.
really. is...
Mary being robbed
of life with her mom.
It has been six years
since Shelly died.
Everyone's telling me
I should get out there. too.
Do they?
Mm-hmm.
Hmm.
What do you think?
Well. I think
that's for you to decide.
not them.
I guess...
I guess I have a hard time
seeing myself
with anybody else.
You know. it's weird. but...
I don't know. I feel like
I'd be betraying her.
Ah. So is that how you become
"the uncatchable catch"?
Oh!
Oh. is that what
they're saying about me?
Ah! I'm just saying.
Look. no. no.
I get it.
But lately. I've been
thinking about something
my mom told me
after my last break-up.
She said. "when happiness
walks out of your life
and you think
it's gone for good.
it's not.
You've just got
to keep the light on
and the door unlocked."
Hmm.
That is good advice.
Mm.
Maybe you should take it.
I think maybe we both should.
I said no king-size!
This is all they had.
Ooh! All my favorite colors.
Good job. Mary!
Well. you're gonna have
to share it with me--
then I want some of--
No!
Mm-mm.
Come on. Mary.
Whatcha looking at?
Oh. nothing.
It's just a beautiful day.
A very beautiful day.
Uh-huh.
Ah. yes. yes. yes.
Mm!
Finally bearing fruit.
See. this is where
our hard work pays off.
This is exciting. Alec.
but I'm still nervous.
We still need
to finish the barn.
and it's taking
longer than expected.
Well. that happens sometimes
when you have to go
into the walls.
Ah. and that's what makes
the budget go up and up and up.
Well. then. we need
to book some more weddings.
"We"?
Come on now.
I'm invested in you. Cassandra.
This place. Eloi.
Oh. no.
She's coming
to check the progress.
Hey. girl!
- Hey. girl.
- What's up?
Oh...
- Wow.
- Mm-hmm.
Cassandra.
Hey. Dan.
- Alec.
- Nice to meet you.
- Pleasure.
- So good to see you!
We came into town
to meet with the caterer.
and figured we'd see
how things are going here.
Great. Great.
Everything's great!
- Yeah.
- Yeah. It looks...
It looks like it's...
going.
Dan. Dan...
in the midst of chaos.
there is order.
Huh? All right.
Why don't you guys come inside?
Our latest case of Chardonnay
is ready.
and you two can be
the first to taste it.
- It's ready?
- It is so ready.
Okay. It's right over there.
Let's get inside.
- I'm thirsty.
- Come on. baby?
- And you're thirsty?
- Yeah.
Mm.
Ooh!
Way to deflect. Counselor.
I try.
Where's the label?
Still working on it.
I'll eventually come up
with something.
So. four weeks.
Cassie. you think
it'll be ready?
Of course. it'll be ready.
Lena. it's your big day.
I got this!
That. and Alec is always
on top of things.
You two seem
to be getting along.
And you're actually
letting him help.
Who are you?
He's great at what he does.
Why wouldn't I let him help?
Girl. don't act like
you're not
Miss "I Can Install
My Own Garbage Disposal".
But good for you!
Maybe you can let him help you
with a few other things!
Lena. don't go there.
Seriously. this life
agrees with you.
You're different.
I don't know...
softer?
Calmer. Less stressed!
Mm. Trust me.
I am fully stressed.
But I don't know. Lena.
it's a different kind of stress.
Like. a meaningful stress.
Wow.
It feels like Zen stress.
the way you just explained
all of that to me.
-"Zen stress"?
- Yeah. Yeah. I told you.
Me? Zen?
Yes! That's what
this is doing to you!
Cassandra? Zen?
Hey. baby.
So Alec here was telling me
about this bar in town.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah. It's '90s night.
I think we should all go.
Yeah. You know.
Mary's at a sleep over.
so I'm game.
What do you say. Cassandra?
Hmm. I think
I am game. too.
Oh!
Let me just go and change
and jazz things up a bit.
- Oh...
- There she goes.
Look at that walk!
Okay. Missy. Okay.
Babe. look at this view.
It's breathtaking.
We're gonna get married here.
It's gonna be amazing.
- Gorgeous.
- Mm-hmm.
♪ 'Cause it's you and me... ♪
Cassandra. look at you.
running a vineyard.
Who would've thought?
Yes. She traded in
those red-bottomed heels
for rubber mud boots.
And I am
a little surprised myself.
but I guess it's just
another part of my DNA.
Great!
So I can have the heels?
Uh. no.
Trust and believe
I will be rocking those as soon
as I get back to the firm.
Ah. yes. Right.
I keep forgetting that part.
So tell me this.
What happens with the vineyard
when you go back?
I don't know. I haven't
thought that far ahead.
But my focus
is getting things
up and running now.
living in the moment.
Look at you!
I'm proud of you.
You could always hire Alec.
He seems
pretty indispensable.
He is.
He always shows up for me.
Mm.
And...
I always will.
And speaking of
showing up.
Mary is insisting
that you come
to her birthday dinner.
Go. Mary!
I would love to.
- Mm-hmm.
- Absolutely.
I will absolutely be there.
Cheers.
Oh. hold up! That's my jam!
Oh? Well. come on.
get your girl
on the dance floor.
Let's show these young kids
how we do it.
♪ I'm so into you ♪
♪ I don't know
what I'm gonna do ♪
♪ Know what to do ♪
♪ Boy. you got me so confused ♪
♪ I'm so confused ♪
♪ I don't know
what I'm gonna do ♪
♪ What I'm gonna do ♪
♪ Friends ask
how could I give myself ♪
♪ To one who belongs
to someone else ♪
...All the moves!
Oh. my feet.
- Your feet?
- My feet!
- Are you kidding me right now?
- The dancing!
Mm! What time is it?
Your girl is tired.
- It's 11:00.
- Really?
Oh. that long drive
must have worn me out.
It's 46 miles. Lena.
Well. I am a little buzzed
from all the wine.
Point is.
I need to lay my head down.
Baby. can we head back
to the hotel now?
I don't know. Lena.
it's still--
...not too late
to watch a movie.
Mm-hmm!
Good night!
Good night. Lena.
- Mwah!
- Drive safe.
- Yeah.
- I will call you.
This was so much fun.
Mm. Mwah.
- See you.
- All right.
She is something else.
I like your friends.
Eh. I think
they kind of like you. too.
Mm-hmm.
- Just a little--
- Just a little bit?
Just a little bit.
I. uh. enjoyed
watching you let loose tonight.
Mm. I'm trying
to remember the last time
I did anything like that--
just threw caution to the wind.
not caring
if anyone was watching.
Yeah.
Something about this place
is so liberating.
Well. there's a lot to be said
for throwing caution
in the wind.
living in the moment.
You know. I...
I have to say something.
You know. I always felt
that we get
one great love in our life...
and that I already
used mine up.
And then you come around.
and I'm thinking
that maybe that part of my life
isn't over for me.
You know. it's like
your mom said...
...just because
happiness left you once
doesn't mean
it's gone for good.
Alec. you have no idea
how much you've changed me.
You are one of
the most beautiful people
I have ever met.
Okay.
But am I alone
in what I'm feeling?
No.
But it's complicated.
Why?
Because
this is temporary. Alec.
I'm not here forever.
and you already knew that.
Why can't you be?
It's not that simple.
But it is that simple.
You brought Eloi
back to life.
You belong there.
You--
You belong here.
Hmm?
With me.
Alec!
Whew!
Man. thank goodness.
you're still here.
Look. I'm-I'm sorry
to interrupt.
but. uh. my car won't start.
I'll meet you at your car
with some cables.
Thank you.
Okay.
Just think about
what I said. okay?
Hello?
Cassandra? Hi.
It's Thomas Lopez
from Napa Canyon Bank.
Thomas. Hi.
What can I do for you?
Your progress
is not going unnoticed.
We have a pretty prominent
client at the bank here
who wants me to reach out.
He likes
what he's hearing.
and he wants to make you
a very generous offer
to buy Eloi.
It'd be more than enough
to cover the outstanding loans
and give you a nice little chunk
of change in your pocket.
Well. this is
my family's vineyard. Thomas...
and I am not selling.
Oh. yes. I see.
Well. if you change your mind.
you know where to find me.
I look forward
to getting those overdue
payments tomorrow.
Yes. I'll see you soon.
Hold on now.
What. you sold your car?
I did.
Now I can finish
repairing the barn.
What happened to your savings?
That was gone
over two months ago.
Oh. wow. I. uh...
oh. I had no idea.
You know. listen to me.
I got money saved. I--
- No. Alec.
- No. really.
Just think of it as--
you know what?
As an investment.
A partnership.
Alec. look around here.
I have no idea when this place
is gonna be profitable again.
And even with
all those wedding deposits.
it's still not enough.
and I cannot let you
take that risk.
I know what
I'm getting myself into.
And I don't want it
on my shoulders.
I don't need
to be rescued. Alec.
You know that's not
what I'm doing.
I'll figure it out myself.
♪ No matter how many times
we just want to walk away ♪
♪ We still... ♪
Here you go.
Oh. why. thank you.
Happy birthday. Mary.
Thank you.
Can I open it now?
Yeah. sure.
A nail art kit!
I've always wanted it.
Oh. a little birdie told me.
It's me!
I am that little bird.
I love this sort of stuff.
but Dad's really bad at it.
Hey! I heard that.
She is not wrong.
Will you do it with me?
Oh. I'd love to.
Come to the house this weekend
with your dad.
and I'll take a little timeout
to give you a... manicure.
Oh. sweetie!
Thank you for the present.
And thank you for...
you know.
What. Mare?
Well. I don't know...
making my dad happy. too.
I guess.
Cassandra!
You have visitors.
I like these frogs.
What do you think?
Oh. the green frogs
will look perfect
on top of this pink.
I think so. too.
Let's do that.
Okay. Let's do it.
Ahem. sorry to interrupt
beauty hour.
but could I just borrow you
for a minute outside. Cassandra?
I-Is something wrong?
Just come on outside.
Okay. I'll be right back.
Don't mess those up. Okay?
Toxic mold?
Yeah.
Enough that
you're gonna need to call in
a professional
remediation company.
How long is that gonna take?
We've only got 10 days
before Lena's wedding.
It is not the "how long"
that concerns me.
How much?
Alec. I can't do this anymore.
I've got nothing left
to give.
Oh. I can help you pay for it.
This isn't about money.
I've given
my blood. sweat. tears.
even my car.
and I still have nothing
but failure to show for it.
Yeah. It's a setback.
but you know what?
We can figure it out.
There is no "we". Alec.
This is my problem.
Why do you keep
pushing me away?
I mean. it's like you're looking
for a reason to run.
You think you've got me
all figured out. don't you?
No. I think that you're scared.
I'm not scared.
I'm done.
Look at this place!
Look how much it's changed.
It's all because of you!
But it's still not enough.
Alec. I have decided
to accept an offer to sell Eloi
and go back to the law firm.
where I belong.
You're leaving?
I'm so sorry. sweetie.
but it's time for me
to go back home.
Yes. Hank.
I'm really coming back.
Oh! I've never been happier
to hear anything in my life.
So when are you coming?
Still got some loose ends
to tie up here.
but I've got a call with Joyce
and Frank Wheeler tomorrow.
Oh. So. what happened?
Did you get your heart broken
or something?
It's just like what you said.
I am a wine drinker.
not a winemaker.
Come in!
All right. Gotta go.
I'll keep you posted
on my plans.
Bye.
Here you go. boss.
First case
of the finished product--
'21 Chardonnay.
And?
And... I think
it's gonna be real big.
Maybe even bigger than
the 2014 Cab.
Great.
Um... and what about the. um...
See for yourself.
Oh. wow...
Look at that!
The wine may pre-date you.
but you did the rest.
Your first run!
Now. that cork
is going in this bowl now.
Your grandma is smilin'
her face off!
Wow.
Dad?
I remember the day
she painted this.
She called it "Evelyn's Ire"
because she was mad at me
for never putting dishes
in the dishwasher.
That was her inspiration?
She always took out
her aggression on canvases.
Her best work
transpired after we left Eloi.
She never did learn
who bought this one
from that gallery
in Santa Barbara.
Now we know.
Dad...
what are you doing here?
I was...
in the neighborhood.
You know how Emma
wrote you a letter
right before she died?
Well...
it's all right here. Cassie.
You mother didn't get
to send it to Emma before she...
She never wanted to leave Eloi.
Not really.
She regretted it
every day of her life.
She did it for me.
out of love for me.
I wanted to be a lawyer
in the big city.
I robbed her of what
she really wanted to do.
I robbed you
and your grandmother.
Oh. It's okay. Daddy.
I messed up.
But I'm gonna fix it.
I'm not gonna stand
in the way of your dream
like I did with your mother.
You're gonna make this
work. Cassie.
No. I'm not.
I couldn't get it to work.
Whoa... whoa.
That's not the daughter I know.
Where's that Cassandra spirit?
It got killed by toxic mold.
I can't afford the repairs. Dad.
I can't save Eloi.
You can finish the job...
and you will.
We will.
You wouldn't let me
pay off your student loans.
At least let me
help you do this.
I owe it to you
and your mom
and Miss Emma.
Daddy. are you serious?
Yeah.
I'm so sorry. honey.
I learned a hard lesson
a little too late.
Promise me you won't make
the same mistake
your old man did.
I promise.
I'm serious!
I'm serious.
Find yourself someone
who supports your dream.
Someone who will show up for you
no matter what.
Promise me that.
Yes.
Oh!
Oh...
Thank you so much. Daddy.
I love you.
I love you. too.
♪ You can make me cry ♪
♪ You can hear me moan ♪
♪ I don't give up the fight ♪
♪ My head is hard as stone ♪
♪ The road is tough ♪
♪ But I'll go till the end ♪
♪ I am still alive ♪
♪ And I'll reach the aim ♪
♪ I'm... ♪
♪ ...I'm on my way ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ I'm... ♪
♪ I keep the faith in me ♪
Hey!
You are here!
All right. so I've got Dirk
from the remediation company
already started.
but the contractor called.
He's gonna need those plans
that are on your laptop.
Well. what are you
standing there for?
We got work to do.
"We"?
Uh. what happened to selling?
My dad.
He put up the money
for the remediation
and offered to finance
a few other projects.
but I told him
I wanted to do it myself.
Mm.
With...
my new partner. Alec.
That is. if you're still willing
to bet your life savings
on an adorable vineyard.
Oh. I am willing
to bet my life
on its adorable owner.
Is that right?
That's right.
Okay.
Well. let's get
this party started
because this place
has to be perfect
for Lena's wedding...
...and we've only
got seven days.
Well. are you ready to show up
and show out. partner?
Always.
Huh?
Thanks.
Come on!
Let's make this happen.
Okay.
♪ Ask me how I know ♪
♪ And I'll tell you so ♪
♪ Ask me how I feel ♪
♪ I'll tell you this is real ♪
♪ I'm in love with you ♪
♪ You're in love with me ♪
♪ Together. side by side ♪
Friends and family.
welcome. everyone.
Please be seated.
Cassie. do you take Alec to be
your lawfully wedded husband?
I do.
Alec. do you take Cassie to be
your lawfully wedded wife?
I do.
Then by the power vested in me.
I now pronounce you
man and wife.
You may kiss your bride.
- I love you.
- Let's do this.
Yeah.
One...
...two. three.
Yes! All right.
It's funny
where life can lead you.
Sometimes. it takes you
right back to where you started.
and I am so happy it did.
My heart is so full.
My life is so free
and overjoyed
with each of you in it.
Especially you.
♪ Oh. oh ♪
♪ I'll be there for you ♪
Cheers!
Cheers.
♪ I'll be there for you ♪